
url = 'https://docs.python.org/3.3/library/tk.html'

Python GUI – tkinter:
    Out of all the GUI methods, tkinter is most commonly used method. It is a standard Python interface to the Tk GUI toolkit shipped
    with Python. Python with tkinter outputs the fastest and easiest way to create the GUI applications. Creating a GUI using tkinter
    is an easy task.
    To create a tkinter:

    -Importing the module – tkinter
    -Create the main window (container)
    -Add any number of widgets to the main window
    -Apply the event Trigger on the widgets.

mainloop():
    There is a method known by the name mainloop() is used when you are ready for the application to run. mainloop() is an infinite
     loop used to run the application, wait for an event to occur and process the event till the window is not closed

    -tkinter also offers access to the geometric configuration of the widgets which can organize the widgets in the parent windows.
     There are mainly three geometry manager classes class.

-pack() method:It organizes the widgets in blocks before placing in the parent widget.
-grid() method:It organizes the widgets in grid (table-like structure) before placing in the parent widget.
-place() method:It organizes the widgets by placing them on specific positions directed by the programmer.

Button:To add a button in your application, this widget is used.
    The general syntax is:
    w=Button(master, option=value)

    background: to set the background color when button is under the cursor.
    foreground: to set the foreground color when button is under the cursor.
    bg: to set he normal background color.
    command: to call a function.
    font: to set the font on the button label.
    image: to set the image on the button.
    width: to set the width of the button.
    height: to set the height of the button

    Canvas: It is used to draw pictures and other complex layout like graphics, text and widgets.
    The general syntax is:
    w = Canvas(master, option=value)

command: to call a function.
font: to set the font on the button label.
image: to set the image on the widget.

Entry:It is used to input the single line text entry from the user.. For multi-line text input, Text widget is used
w=Entry(master, option=value)

Frame: It acts as a container to hold the widgets. It is used for grouping and organizing the widgets. The general syntax is:
w = Frame(master, option=value)

Label: It refers to the display box where you can put any text or image which can be updated any time as per the code.
The general syntax is:
w=Label(master, option=value

Listbox: It offers a list to the user from which the user can accept any number of options.
The general syntax is:
w = Listbox(master, option=value)

MenuButton: It is a part of top-down menu which stays on the window all the time. Every menubutton has its own functionality. The general syntax is:
w = MenuButton(master, option=value)

Message: It refers to the multi-line and non-editable text. It works same as that of Label.
The general syntax is:



w = Message(master, option=value)

Self:
    self represents the instance of the class.By using the “self” keyword we can access the attributes and methods of the class in python.
    It binds the attributes with the given arguments.The reason you need to use self is because Python does not use the @ syntax to refer
    to instance attributes.